Add icon translations documentation (#2047)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/core/entity.md

| should_poll              | `bool`                        | `True`  | Should Home Assistant check with the entity for an updated state. If set to `False`, entity will need to notify Home Assistant of new updates by calling one of the [schedule update methods](integration_fetching_data.md#push-vs-poll).
| state                    | <code>str &#124; int &#124; float &#124; None</code> | `None` | The state of the entity. In most cases this is implemented by the domain base entity and should not be implemented by integrations.
| supported_features       | <code>int &#124; None</code>  | `None`  | Flag features supported by the entity. Domains specify their own.

> | translation_key         | <code>str &#124; None</code>  | `None`  | A key for looking up translations of the entity's state in [`entity` section of the integration's `strings.json`](/docs/internationalization/core#state-of-entities) and for translating the state into an matching [icon](#icons). |

Reviewer: translating the state into a matching

| ------------------------------- | ---------------------------- | ------- | -----------
| capability_attributes           | <code>dict &#124; None</code> | `None` | State attributes which are stored in the entity registry. This property is implemented by the domain base entity and should not be implemented by integrations.
| force_update                    | `bool`                       | `False` | Write each update to the state machine, even if the data is the same. Example use: when you are directly reading the value from a connected sensor instead of a cache. Use with caution, will spam the state machine. |

> | icon                            | <code>str &#124; None</code> | `None`  | Icon to use in the frontend. Using this property is no recommended. [More information about using icons](#icons). |

Reviewer: Using this property is not recommended

Called when an entity is about to be removed from Home Assistant. Example use: disconnect from the server or unsubscribe from updates.

## Icons

Every entity in Home Assistant has an icon, which is used as a visual indicator to identify the entity more easily in the frontend. Home Assistant uses the [Material Design Icons](https://materialdesignicons.com/) icon set.

> In most cases, Home Assistant will pick an icon automatically based on the entity's domain, `device_class`, and `state`. It is preferred to use the default icon if possible, to provide a consistent experience and to avoid confusion for the user. However, it is possible to override provide a custom icon for an entity.

Reviewer: it is possible to override the default and provide a custom icon

Regardless of the provided icon, it is always possible for the user to customize the icon to their liking in the frontend.

There are two ways to provide a custom icon for an entity, either by providing icon translations or by providing an icon identifier.

### Icon translations

> This is the preferred and most modern way to provide a custom icon for an entity. Icon translations work similarly [our regular translations](/docs/internationalization/core#state-of-entities), but instead of translating the state of an entity, they translate the states of an entity to icons.

Reviewer: Icon translations work similarly to [our regular translations]

> TThis is the preferred and most modern way to provide a custom icon for an entity. Icon translations work similarly [our regular translations](/docs/internationalization/core#state-of-entities), but instead of translating the state of an entity, they translate the states of an entity to icons.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is the preferred and most modern way to provide a custom icon for an entity. Icon translations work similarly [our regular translations](/docs/internationalization/core#state-of-entities), but instead of translating the state of an entity, they translate the states of an entity to icons.
```

The `translation_key` property of an entity defines the icon translation to use. This property is used to look up the translation in the `entity` section of the integration's `icons.json` file.

> To differentiate entities and their translations, provide different translation keys. The following example `icons` for a Moon domain `sensor` entity with its `translation_key` property set to phase:

Reviewer: The following example shows `icons.json` for a Moon domain `sensor` entity

```json
{
  "entity": {
    "sensor": {
      "phase": {
        "default": "mdi:moon",
        "state": {
          "new_moon": "mdi:moon-new",
          "first_quarter": "mdi:moon-first-quarter",
          "full_moon": "mdi:moon-full",
          "last_quarter": "mdi:moon-last-quarter"
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

Notice that icons start with `mdi:` plus an [identifier](https://materialdesignicons.com/). The `default` icon is used when the entity's state is not in the `state` section. The `state` section is optional, and if not provided, the `default` icon will be used for all states.

> Icons for entity state attributes can also be provided. The following example icons for a thermostat providing a `climate` entity with its `translation_key` property set to `ubercool`. This entity has a `preset_mode` state attribute, which can be set to `vacation` or `night`. The frontend will use these in, for example, the climate card.

Reviewer 2: "The following example icons for a thermostat providing a `climate` entity wi" doesn't sounds correct

Author: ```suggestion
Icons for entity state attributes can also be provided. The following example provides icons for a `climate` entity with its `translation_key` property set to `ubercool`. This entity has a `preset_mode` state attribute, which can be set to `vacation` or `night`. The frontend will use these in, for example, the climate card.
```
